# OSGeo Nepal Monthly Meet - June 5, 2024

- **Facilitator:** Suraj Thapa
- **Attendees:** Approx 10 people
- **Note-Taking Volunteer:** Shristi

## Agenda

1. Geoseries future? How many episodes should we do before the NGES committee election? - **Tek Kshetri**
2. Nepgeom Outreach Stall Reflection - **Rabina, Suraj**
3. T Shirt Printing Follow up with **Varun**
4. Sticker design, should we follow up? 
5. Data release strategy by OSGEO Nepal : **Data Access Working Group** update
6. Bigger scale event opportunity : GESAN Annual event is coming up , can we collaborate ?  
7. Student representative for universities within Nepal ? 
8. Make roles and responsibility for the working group lead, meeting facilitator and roletaker in OSGEONepal activities as well as for general members.

## Open Mic
## Notes

1. Maintaining passwords in Bitwarten - response was not obtained before, need to follow up on Discord.
2. Grant applied for HOTOSM - response was not obtained before, need to follow up on Discord. 
3. Data access group
    - repo clean up progress?
    - data bank in github repo - yet to start - Data Access Working Group members (Kshitiz, Shristi) discuss it further and update progress to the group
4. Database of geoprofessionals and their work sector in Nepal - follow up progress with Aadesh (Aadesh has added skill set form) 
5. Geoseries event May 24 - Completed 
6. Coding Party May 12 - Completed.
7. Coding Party future plan?
    - Tek we are fully booked until June 21 so coding party after that only
8. Geoseries - NGES will form a new committee by completing this tenure so,
    - Last Geoseries for current NGES tenure - In June 21 by Pratikshya Sharma
    - Collaboration with NGES for next Geoseries event - they plan to do one physical event by taking lead (around Asar), we will also be a supporting partner. The physical event is planned at the end of tenure.
    - After that - GeoSeries Season 2 will start. 
9. NepGEOM Event Experience:
    - Overall it was good, visitors did come, almost 20 visitors were really interested
    - Other faculty were also interested to learn (e.g Computer Science, computational mathematics)
    - Reflections for next time: 
      1. Better to create new stickers for next events and more banners - our stall seemed a bit empty
      2. Time slots were allocated, however more commitment required for stall keeping from every member to make it more effective. So, better coordination is needed. 
      3. Need to create more reachout especially in facebook groups because more audience use this platform, we are focused/active on few specific social media only.
      4. Strategy needed to design - for attracting people – e.g. making games related to OSGEO/Open source technologies.
10. Will follow up with Varun regarding tshirt print and will follow up with Aayush regarding the design of Sticker.
11. Data release strategy by osgeonepal : Data working group update
    - Kshitij came up with idea with data capsule
    - Prepare data snapshots/capsules of nepal from different data sources platforms.
12. GESAN Annual event is coming up, will collaborate with the GESAN for their event
13. Develop a strategy to collaborate with KU – to increase the outreach — collaborate with departments instead of student clubs for this …
    - Choose a Student representative for point of contact. 
    - Have a meeting in Discord to have a more thorough discussion about the engagement with students and university.
14. Tek raised the following concerns (also comes under the point, make a document for roles and responsibilities)
    - Meeting timing namileko jasto lagyo
    - Meeting ma aauna nasake, Meeting start hune agadi nai inform garne bani garna paryo; aaja 7:15 ma manxe nai thiyana
    - Yo student body sanga reachout hune vanya chai, exact ko sanga reach garne; ani kosle lead line, we need to fix it
    - Data access ko lagi, paile template fix garnu paryo; kasto info rakhne vanne typeko

## Action Items

1. **Tek** will follow up with members who are absent in the meeting today regarding previous meeting updates.
2. Start with data capsule group, contact Data Access Working Group : **Kshitij** 
3. **Kshitij** to update on coding party date
4. Someone to follow up posting form on social media : **Pratichyya**  
5. Need to follow up with Varun on tshirt print : **Kshitij**
6. Need to follow up with Aayush on sticker design : **Suraj**
7. Lets collaborate with the **GESAN** for their event to make it national 
8. Prepare google form for students representative, figure out how to filter people and then announce the call (will have a meeting in discord to discuss)
9. Create roles and responsibility .md and publish it to github.io 
10. Fix date and time with action item holder in discord for next meet to talk about two main issue : student representative, data capsule
11. Fix jitsi technical problems

## Events & Opportunity

- **SOTM Asia - Bangladesh: [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/SotmAsia)**
- **FOSS4G - Brazil: [Link](https://2024.foss4g.org/)**
- **Ml4geo: [Link](https://ml4geo.sciencesconf.org/)**
- **SOTM EU: [Link](https://stateofthemap.eu/)**
- **Scipy conference: [Link](https://www.scipy2024.scipy.org/)**


### **Facilitator for Next Month:** Shristi
