# OSGeo Nepal Monthly Meet - May 1, 2024

- **Facilitator:** Sovas Tiwari
- **Attendees:** Approx 20+ people

## Agenda

1. **Buy a domain for our website. Do we need it?**

- Tek

2. **What are the things that we can get from OSGeo Board?**

- Tek

3. **How did the meet with geochiaâ€™s founder and other folks go? Possitive points? Any feedbacks?**

4. **OSGeo Nepal Officially recognized as local chapter of OSGeo**

5. **Reformat our github.io, Add information remove the personal identifier such as didi dai bhai etc in existing posts**

6. **Lets add agenda link in the monthly meetup reminder email too**

7. **Follow up on newsletter writing on becoming local chapter**

8. **Create our local chapter page in OSGeo [website](https://www.osgeo.org/local-chapters/)**

9. **Continuation of GeoSeries , We had previous episode : What went well ? How frequent should we organize it**

10. **Request for jitsi in official osgeo domain for our activities**

11. **Training and Collaboration | Knowledge sharing session**

## Action Items

#### 1. No need for new domain, we will work on our page in [website](https://www.osgeo.org/local-chapters/) - Rohit to take lead

#### 2. Update Github IO

- Reformat github io in upcoming coding party
- Setup bot in github io
- Docs to be always updated by meeting facilitator

#### 3. Training and Collaboration

- **Knowledge sharing session**
  - LLM (May 24) - Rohit
  - GeoAI - Tek
  - Open EO - Pratichhya

#### 4. Engineering Working Group

- Define coding party date, and find small tasks to work on - Kshitij
- Follow up with Aadesh for the skillset management and it is okay to use personal methods for sharing sheet or form - Kshitij
- Start with coding party for calendar invitation - Aadesh, Sovas

#### 5. Communication

- Figma to be used for the design templates
- Use Twitter and Mastodon for OSGeo Nepal - Varun

#### 6. Data Access

- Follow up to data access coordinators - Kshitij to take lead

#### 7. Grants

- Follow up for the Grant details of physical meetup - Sovas

#### 8. NepGeom event

- Date have been fixed - May 26 and 27
- Suraj can be there, Varun will be contact person for the presentation, It would be finalized by next week
- Revise the poster OSGeo Nepal that will be used in NepGeom - Pratikchhya

#### 9. Use Bitwarden for password management

- Maintain all passwords in Bitwarden - Varun to take lead

#### 10. Coding party and Geoseries are to be held respectively

- To be held one after another in the gap of 15 days

## Open Mic

## Events & Opportunity

- **FOSS4G - Brazil: [Link](https://2024.foss4g.org/)**
- **Ml4geo: [Link](https://ml4geo.sciencesconf.org/)**
- **SOTM EU: [Link](https://stateofthemap.eu/)**
- **Scipy conference: [Link](https://www.scipy2024.scipy.org/)**

## Notes

- **Note-Taking Volunteer:**

  - Royal Silwal.

- **Facilitation for Next Month:**
  - Suraj Thapa.
